# Exercise 4.2 - Systems Theory
# CS4320/7320 Software Engineering
***GROUP Assignment***

## Steps
1. Individually merge the latest version of the `dev` branch at https://github.com/chaoss/augur into your previously made fork of the repository. You do this by creating a pull request that orders the forks in this order: {your fork:dev} <-- {chaoss/augur:dev}. Then merge the pull request. This will bring you up to date. 
2. Follow the installation instructions for Augur here: https://oss-augur.readthedocs.io/en/dev/  (top level), and specifically here: https://oss-augur.readthedocs.io/en/dev/getting-started/toc.html
 - You should start at that page, and just follow it using "next" until you are done
 - Pay particular attention to the dependencies
 - You can, if you choose, use a docker container installation. 
3. Ask any questions during student hours on Wednesday, or in class on Thursday. Finish this phase by **no later than Thursday Evening, September 17**. 
4. In your groups, discuss these perspectives on Augur as a system
 - As a technical system
 - As a sociotechnical system for evaluating open source software project health and sustainability. 
 - As a sociotechnical system for 
    - Wholes Rather than parts  
    - Interconnections / Relationsnhips   
    - Non-linear relationships    
    - Stock and flow relationships    
    - Dynamic Behavior    
    - Feedback loops  
    - Acknowledging that systems are important    
    - System as the cause of its behavior 
    - System structure generates behavior 
    - Delays
5. Summarize your discussions in a google doc, and submit that Google doc as a group.  You might consider using the [systems-perspectives](../readings/systems-perspectives.xlsx) spreadsheet as a "base" for initiating this activity. 
6. Submit a link to your google doc in Canvas by the deadline. 
