# Assignment 12: Team Sprint 3 : Spring 2020 : CS4320/7320 Software Engineering
In team sprint 3, you have a few choices. First, if you have not participated in a CHAOSS call as outlined in Sprint 2, please make sure you have noted **which** call you will participate in during sprint 3 or 4 (I extended this because one working group moved its meeting from April 13 to April 20). 

## Overview
1. Review the video from this week's CHAOSS Evolution meeting where one of your course mate's proposed metrics is discussed: https://youtu.be/MOWQegOw6Fk ... **include a short discussion summary** in your `sprint-3` folder in your repository in a file named `video-comments.md`. 
2. Read two articles and post to the channel for each article one insight you gained from it, and one thing you question or are critical of: [8 Observations and 24 Questions about Open Source](../readings/24Questions.pdf) and [An Augur Systems Paper](../readings/augur_paper.pdf) 
    - **Make your initial posts** by the end of Saturday, April 11. Your comments do not need to be long, just thoughtful. 
    - **Respond to at least 3** of your course mate's answers. Make your responses by the end of Tuesday, April 14. **Your responses do not need to be long, just thoughtful**
    - Slack Channels: 
        - https://mu-software-eng.slack.com/archives/C011JLHGXDY
        - https://mu-software-eng.slack.com/archives/C011MKC6TEH
3. You have two options for your repository oriented work this week. You may:
    - Finish your metric definition and issue a pull request back into the CHAOSS working group repository, or 
    - Create your own open source project inside a `sprint-3` folder in your repository. You might do some simple analysis of public datasets, like this one: https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data or use your own idea. The project must include a README.md file and have some type of minimal, executable functionality (that you explain how to "run" in the README.md file.)

## What is "Thoughtful?"
When I say above that your answers and posts do not need to be long, but they do need to be thoughtful, I mean that "Hey, this was a cool article" is not thoughtful. Something more thoughtful might be, "I was surprised to learn that Augur has features that have not already been built elsewhere, like the insight worker that posts messages to slack. That seems like it would be useful. In this day and age, however, I am not sure relying on a relational data model is sustainable. How will people update it?"

Use the general channel in slack if you want further clarification about what "thoughtful" means. 
