# TA and Instructor Preparation for GitHub "story" Assignment
1. Set up a GitHub organization if one isn't already available
  - for Spring 2017 this is "Hackers to Engineers"
  - for Sprint 2017, we allowed all third-party access because students were requesting access for certain applications such as GitKracken.
2. Invite TAs and Give TAs Owner permissions to the organization.
3. Have students submit their GitHub ids.   
  - for Spring 2017 we did this in a textbox in Canvas. A spreadsheet would be better because the TAs need an easy cross-reference in one place for later grading. A spreadsheet may also allow us to invite the students to the group in bulk without hand-entering each one in GitHub but that has not been researched.
4. Create a team within the organization for the class. Disallow the team from creating repositories.
  - for Spring 2017 this is "Software Engineering Mizzou Spring 2017"
5. Create a repository for the assignment and add the code 
  - for Spring 2017 this is "GitMagic"
6. Give the team write permissions.
7. Invite all the students to the group

# Notes for next time
- Providing more detailed explanations of how GitHub works and how-to references for GitHub and a Windows compiler such as MinGW would be beneficial.
- Specify not to check in .o and .exe and .log files and make sure all TAs are on the same page with requirements and expectations. Maybe investigate how this happened with the .gitignore file - why didn't it work? Did folks overwrite it?
- Pros and cons of compiling a C program: Pro - they get experience with more complex work flow. Con - getting a C compiler to work on Windows. 
- Types of issues: 
    - Not following instructions. Not submitting GitHub ID previously, not accepting the invitation, forking instead of branching.
    - Not changing all the files that should be changed. So, probably not compiling or examining the output (TESING). 
    - checking in files that should be excluded. Make sure they know that the_story.txt should be included
    - merge conflicts (of course)
      - makefile issues were common
      - story.c issues were also common
      - headers file issues also occurred, but probably less than makefile and story.c becuase auto-merge worked pretty well on this file.
    - adding changes to someone else's branch instead of your own (maybe a tool problem, such as SourceTree) 
    - not compiling, so compiler issues were pushed
    - not executing so the_story.txt was not up-to-date
